remove timeout manager references in docs from package versions which no longer support it (#6740)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/sql/multi-tenant_timeoutsandsubscriptions_sqlpersistence_[7,).partial.md

## Connections for subscriptions

> When using multi-tenant mode, [subscriptions](subscriptions.md) are stored in a single database if the message transport does not provide this feature (publish/subscribe) natively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using multi-tenant mode, [subscriptions](subscriptions.md) are stored in a single database if the message transport does not provide native publish/subscribe.
```
